TELCODOCS-1848: Add PreflightValidation v1beta2 (#77202)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/kmm-example-cr.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="kmm-example-cr_{context}"]
= Example PreflightValidation resource

This section shows an example of the `PreflightValidation` resource in
the YAML format.

The example verifies all the currently present modules against the upcoming
`5.8.18-101.fc31.x86_64` kernel, and push the resulting images of

> Build/Sign into the defined repositories.

Author: fixed.

This section shows an example of the `PreflightValidationOCP` resource in the YAML format.

> The example verifies all the currently present modules against the upcoming kernel version included in the {product-title} release 4.11.18, which the following release image points to:

Author: Added.

> The example verifies all the currently present modules against the upcoming `5.8.18-101.fc31.x86_64` kernel, and push the resulting images of Build/Sign in to the defined repositories.

Author: Please verify this change.

[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: kmm.sigs.x-k8s.io/v1beta2
kind: PreflightValidationOCP
metadata:
  name: preflight
spec:

>   kernelVersion: 5.8.18-101.fc31.x86_64

Reviewer: `PreflightValidationOCP` uses `releaseImage` in its spec, not `kernelVersion`. I would also stick to the existing content here - although increasing the indentation by 1 space is correct.

Author: Please verify this change.

This section shows an example of the `PreflightValidationOCP` resource in the YAML format.

> The example verifies all the currently present modules against the upcoming kernel version included in the OpenShift Container Platform release 4.11.18, which the following release image points to:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The example verifies all of the currently present modules against the upcoming kernel version included in the {product-title} release 4.11.18, which the following release image points to:
```

or maybe

```suggestion
The example verifies all currently present modules against the upcoming kernel version included in the {product-title}  release 4.11.18, which the following release image points to:
```

Author: Used the first change.
